My main AI build is called Nyra-Core, which is my general AI build with all aspects, this section is what i will use personally and eventually repackage for my team at work to use.  Whats a good name for this chunk of the Nyra build that would work as a branch is my github repo as well? (except only github gets a hyphen for this branch name such as "Nyra-Mortgage-Assistant" versus how it would appear on site as "Nyra Mortgage Assistant". Help me come up with some naming ideas that include Nyra's name in it?  Nyra Assist? Nyra Assistant? I would still need a separate name for the portion of Nyra that will also be my personal assistant and control my home devices and talk to me via tts and such so i need a name for that subsection as well. As far as the site thus far, i would like to attach is to my main CRM, lendingpad.com, which i use to put together my borrowers mortgage applications. Perhaps we can also add a section where i can manually input website links for my quick connect tab for things that myself or others frequently need to open but be able to manually set whether the sites we input open as an iframe or not? such as rocketmortgage.com, advantagecredit.com, lenderprice.com., etc. I will also want to try to hook this app up to run it both locally via an app as well as through my web browser if i eventually host it, can you make these two separate copies if this makes sense? I also want Nyra to be able to hook into both rocketmortgage's pricing engine, lendingpad.com's pricing engine, and lenderprice.com's pricing engines to be able to input the borrowers lead information, receive interest rates from the engines, then be able to select and input at least 3 different rate/cost/payment options for each lead, but some leads may potentially require multiple loan term lengths in which case each term length would need its own 3 rate/cost/payment options quoted as well. Right now i am using a microsoft excel spreadsheet to input the rates and costs and loan terms to make a visual spreadsheet that i then screenshot a snippet of the graphic and send to my borrowers via text message and email, i would like Nyra to be able to do this for me. I can send or attach a copy of the excel spreadsheet for you so that you can integrate it into this app/website, how best can i upload this to you?. the spreadsheet allows me to input the 3 interest rates and loan costs and the term length of the loan(s) and it generates the visual showing the borrowers principal + interest payment but also leaves input available for their taxes/home insurance/mortgage insurance payments/escrow account to show PITI payment instead of just the P+I payments. the excel spreadsheet that i have appears to be password locked, can you still reverse engineer it? i also need to be able to integrate my phone number from twilio or wherever else i get it from so that i can receive my calls/texts to the number from the site/app and interface directly with the conversations, text message them back, call them back through the app, etc. and it should also work the same way for the email portion so that i can see the emails that they respond with and potentially respond back via the app. These lead campaigns are supposed to keep running as scheduled until each borrower finally responds, at which point i have opened contact and that specific leads campaign is shut off or paused unless i tell it to keep running. i also need the text messaging portion to allow for me to input a "respond with "STOP" if you no longer want to hear from me" after however many texts it is required to be send in california, United States. or in the US federally. It would also be great if i could connect to the site/ app via microsoft windows phone link so that i see my work phones updates and text messages from that phone number that i would also like to integrate with if possible so that when i click to call back a borrower in app, it gives me the option of calling from either my twilio(or whatever i decide to use) phone number via call/text or via my personal/physical work cell phone via call or text. However best we can potentially interface my cell phone with the app/site, come up with some ideas for me. I would also like somewhere for me to interface with Nyra's voice/chat (her brain) so that i can connect to her via MCP/API/or even by running an LLM locally to connect to her. For the other section of Nyra (which should be easily separatable from the first section when necessary to repackage, perhaps potentially on a completely separate page for the brunt of Nyra connectivity while this Mortgage Assistant page simply gets a small chat box/audio output from Nyra/ audio input button from me for keybound pressed input or constant input that picks up either my voice activity or turns on constant voice communication as an option as well that allows constant communication for when Nyra is set to only respond when i give her a verbal queue such as "what do you think nyra?". Then for the separate side of the app, i also need all of those same Nyra connectivity features except bigger and with ALL of the possible features i would want to interface with Nyra. For now i am routing her through  voicemod API and using their API to do so, so i will need to be able to input my voicemod API key on this page to connect to their servers and open the voice modulation/ voice changing stream. i need to be able to turn on text to speech for her as well as a text to speech feature that allows me to highlight sections of a page or select and entire page to read its contents to me as welll. think up all of the possible features and visuals that i would want to connect to my personal AI assistant, i will also need to be able to interface with her via command line through a windows terminal that she can take over and both develop apps/code for me or take control of my own computer. then i will need all of the same features from this page on yet another page or section to the app that gets a little more involved. on this part of the app, i will need to be able to connect Nyra through the Open Interpreter  AI tool. I am going to be connecting both through MCP server sometimes(which i need this set up for as well so that i have all of my features available for whichever type of setup i want to switch to on the fly.) where i will be tasking multiple AI agents. I have 3 computers with an rtx3090ti, rtx 3070ti, and an rtx5090ti between them so i will need to be able to run lots of AI agents locally as well as remotely through channels that allow me to connect to my other PC's via a secure channel or method so that i can use those computers GPU compute power to run additional AI agent instances so that they can all connect to one main computer through the Nyra Dev Team Interface (thats what we'll call this section of the Nyra build) and collaborate together on building the same project by tasking each agent through autoagent. i would like to create and interface so that i can input and edit and troubleshoot what they are working on while also simply viewing and monitoring each agent and each agents connection, LLM/API/etc., the tools they are using, etc. They need a shared space where i can view everything. I will also be connecting some agent through openai API or running some through claude max or claude pro locally as well as many other AI options i will be testing. put together everything you think i will need to have this set up. i would also like yet another section that will be very similar, almost a direct copy, so that i can view agents that are setup to run and work on a completely separate projects coding development at the same time as the agents on the other section.  Every part of Nyra should have both a light mode with a white background similar to how it is now except with options to change the main theme colors from how they are now, like where purple/seafoam green/turquoise/ or violet can become the main overarching color themes for icons and such. then i would like the same options setup for when everything is switched to dark mode. these will be saveable in a profiles section for fast switching. for dark mode themes, we should be able to change the colors of all text and icons and bubbles/boxes to the color or colors selected since using colors on text and other things is much easier to do in a dark mode, the contrast makes it easier to see everything that way anyways. the default dark theme should be a dark background with text that is either bright or neon purple or violet, i will let you choose whichever you think looks best so try a few things out for me on your end. all UI components should be able to be dragged and moved when a "page editing" mode is selected, so all how the boxes and sections can be moved manually as well.